MONDAY TUESDAY

Arithmetic practice
Here are some exercises for you to practice arithmetic in JavaScript:

Add, subtract, multiply, and divide some numbers.
Find the remainder of dividing two numbers by using the modulo operator.
Divide a number by 0.
Divide 0 by 0.

Variables practice
Here are a few exercises for you to practice using variables:

Set a variable called favoriteNumber equal to your favorite number.
Calculate what your favorite number divided by 2 is.
Set another variable called michaelsFavorite equal to 13.
Change the value of michaelsFavorite to 7.
Subtract your favorite number from mine.
Change the value of my favorite number to be 26 times its current value.

Methods practice
Practice using the methods you've learned about:

Convert a number to exponential notation.
Convert it back.
Specify the number of decimals it should have.
Repeat all of these using a variable set equal to a number.

Strings Practice
Practice using strings:

Type a greeting to your best friend.
Set a variable equal to a string.
Call a method on that variable.
Make sure you're clear on the difference between "9" with quotes and 9 without.
Check out the MDN's documentation of string methods ( https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/prototype#Methods ) and try out at least five yourself. If some of them don't make sense, don't worry about it - just try the ones that do. (Stick to the section labelled Methods unrelated to HTML.)

Functions practice
Practice using JavaScript functions:

Use alert() to pop up a dialog box.
Use confirm() to ask a yes or no question.
Use prompt() to ask a question.
Save the response to the prompt() as a variable, and then run a string method of your choice on it.

Practice writing functions
Write functions of your own to:

take somebody's name and say a greeting to them;
subtract two numbers;
multiply two numbers;
divide two numbers.
Use the example of how to add two numbers from the previous lesson as a reference.

WEDNESDAY

jQuery practice
Re-create the page from the last lesson.
Add an <h2> and bind an event handler to it with .click(). Pass in a callback that contains an alert().
Do the same for a <ul>.
Swap out the .click() method for .dblclick() and .hover() in a couple places.

THURSDAY

jQuery effects practice
Let's get some practice using jQuery effects.

On your cat's homepage, add some text that alternates between saying "Hide/show images", and toggles the images appropriately.
On your vacation page, make a few of the sections hidden by default, with a bit of teaser text that expands when you click on it (e.g., "Click to learn about the giant sandcastles of this fabulous country!").
On any pages of your choosing, try fading and sliding elements with .fadeIn(), .fadeOut(), .fadeToggle(), .slideDown(), .slideUp(), and .slideToggle().

FRIDAY

Manipulation and traversal practice
Okay, your turn. Practice adding some interactivity to your web pages:

Continue on from the talk.html page from the last lesson. I only added the deleting functionality to one of the buttons. Now, you add it to the other ones.
Add a feature so that each message has an "x" next to it. When you click the "x", it should delete the line.
Make a "cat vs dog" page - if you click a button for the cat to meow, the dog should bark back, and vis versa. Include the same deleting functionality as in talk.html (but re-write the code yourself!).
Extra credit: Have you noticed how there's a lot of repetition in you JavaScript? On talk.html, there's three sections that select a button, attach a click event listener, and pass a callback that looks the same except for the message. The only things that differ among them are the ID of the button and the message. Eliminate this repetition by creating a function that accepts two arguments for the ID and the message, and then finds the appropriate button and binds a callback with the appropriate message.

Forms practice
Okay, now it's your turn.

Make a Mad Libs of your own.
Make a form letter where the user inputs their name, and they get back a letter addressed to them.
Create a page that asks the user to type something into a field, and when they submit the form, have the page say it back to them in all uppercase.

jQuery attributes practice
Here are some exercises for you to practice using jQuery:

Most people like dark text on a light background, but some people prefer light text on a dark background. Update one of your pages to include a button that lets your users switch to light on dark.
Now, update this page so that users can switch back to the original color scheme.
Update your boring lecture page so that when somebody clicks on a paragraph, it highlights it and adds a box around the edges.